.TH RO-START "1" "January 2026" "ro-start 1.0.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
ro-start \- Fast, safe, and beautiful Linux welcome application
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ro-start
[\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B ro-start
is a modern welcome application for Linux distributions built with Rust and GTK4.
It provides system information, update checking, and quick actions for new users.
.PP
Features include:
.IP \(bu 2
Lightning-fast startup and performance with Rust
.IP \(bu 2
Native GTK4 + libadwaita interface
.IP \(bu 2
Real-time system information (CPU, RAM, Storage)
.IP \(bu 2
Package manager integration (apt, dnf, pacman, zypper)
.IP \(bu 2
Internationalization support (9 languages)
.IP \(bu 2
Memory-safe and crash-free with compile-time guarantees
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\-no\-startup
Don't show the application at startup. Useful for disabling autostart behavior.
.TP
.B \-\-locale \fILOCALE\fR
Set the interface language. Available locales: en_US, tr_TR, de, es, fr, it, ja, ru, zh.
.TP
.B \-d, \-\-debug
Enable debug logging. Shows detailed information about application operations.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Print help information.
.TP
.B \-V, \-\-version
Print version information.
.SH KEYBOARD SHORTCUTS
.TP
.B Ctrl+,
Open Settings dialog
.TP
.B F1
Show About dialog
.TP
.B Ctrl+Q
Quit application
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Start with Turkish interface:
.B ro-start --locale tr_TR
.TP
Start with debug logging:
.B ro-start --debug
.TP
Check version:
.B ro-start --version
.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.config/ro-start/config.toml
User configuration file. Stores language preference, autostart setting, and theme.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B LANG, LC_ALL
Used for automatic locale detection if --locale is not specified.
.SH SEE ALSO
System update tools:
.BR apt (8),
.BR dnf (8),
.BR pacman (8),
.BR zypper (8)
.PP
GTK documentation:
.BR gtk4 (7)
.SH BUGS
Report bugs at: https://github.com/ro-repo/ro-start/issues
.SH AUTHOR
Written by ro-repo <project.roasd@gmail.com>
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright © 2026 ro-repo.
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <https://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
